[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mykewould/crutches.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mykewould/crutches)
[![Inline docs](http://inch-ci.org/github/mykewould/crutches.svg?branch=master)](http://inch-ci.org/github/mykewould/crutches)

Crutches
=======

The start of an Elixir ~~ripoff~~ port to the [ActiveSupport Ruby gem](https://github.com/rails/rails/tree/master/activesupport).

Do you want to contribute? Take a look at `CONTRIBUTING.md`!

### [Documentation](http://hexdocs.pm/crutches/)

### New to Elixir, and coming from Ruby?

This library is a great for Elixir beginners to contribute to. By porting over
ActiveSupport most of the documentation and specs have been written for the
methods. This allows the contributor to focus on the syntax and nuances of
Elixir. The bonus here is that the contributor will be helping an open source
project while learning the basics.

### Why ActiveSupport?

ActiveSupport has some great goodies that are useful in web application
development. Furthermore the design pattern for ActiveSupport, and it's use
cases, are not hard to understand. If you are coming from the Rails community,
being a contributor on this project shouldn't be overly difficult.

### License

```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Michael Wood

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```